ap
the equines pkk
and well first I want to tell you that
in that match although in all the positions of election
made with people from mexico of peru
friday and coexphal already but huguet certera medellín bravos for several
countries
that is that there are some who do not mention it a hundred
and attacked can see we have
several quite videos
percent
mcjoe 21 8 45 13 64 34
and here people are already subscribing so
visit the channel of force was solution and obviously to all the members
and well I tell them to visit me half of my bed yesterday
complete this please
isea n
We noticed the day the CE has convened is clear
I'm going to show you how to use the skeleton technique min.
asked
what he said
eye do not cheer the anime
well exactly that I'm not going to teach how to animate the anime but I'm going to
teach
how to cheer
I read bed as the character
the first that we have to do
have a drawing
obviously
then for that
Let's do
one piece yes
a very simple basic drawing
I remember that you do not have to overturn us
the motto of this part but everything was again
dy was left
and we're going to start to draw the ccoo diner
because he is part of the association when death counts the thing goes to
corner
now let's moderate
ace
this movement p
i do not draw the other part of the h
ecopark to draw a necessary evil
oo a tablet right now I'm looking for treaties
inés in two d
It is a strong arm
then she in osaka our statute
I have caused for barreda visited park the caribbean humacao are widened little
since we have them
we are going to choose the color of the color that we want to be painted, I watch them
cursor
earth and sports
and we are going to paint
ago so
not very wide awaits us is that I go out a lot
and now with what we leave
in another through tunnels I will teach how to put shadows and these costs
is going to select everything and press eight to turn into a symbol to be
a customer peliculeros to put names perasso
we enter the arm
i do not know what you think if I lived this in two layers x control to cut
new stage
and control v to paste
well our arm there looks pretty good
i do not think that basically hold lorenzo knows quite well
now as an animal or question the diary
let's see section to this tool that the form is released
but not to cover mostly but to be able to pivot
this martino has to be here
where
and days according to the bone technique
I do not know if they remember Chinese percent and turia
this is the point d in each gender and hunger
He cited efe in this together
and there they can see with pogo wounds or
frankly there is no person
today there is a detail that I am going to solve that for example if they have noticed
when I move this
this is rubbed in May so I'm going to press
f 8
and what power can one name
and here this 8 names
on the recommendation that being a character do the same thing
thing that is so they avoid problems of lost xl
or that part or have to move the night
Lets put
a frame the decade of 2010
I do not know this hug side shakira a little bit
remove the lime twig so that your most natural movements
that is, softer
and although this house of the hawks
yes we do this creates demo interpolation in this growing pressure of
muimenta the flash cc 4 6 and 5 creates classic interposition
and once we have it high
we want it to fall
twenty
down
to her
two frames
then what are we going to do after this one for the frame to do
he hoarded jo let's tour this
according to the pivot they were going to see how
segi to perfectly now sows the terror to fall depends how cocker
concept wind character so that does not happen much
low cook said nava
but we are going to try to accommodate the east
there it looks pretty good
no longer know everything
and there it has a quite natural movement in the arm
i nothing simply seems to me that
been pretty good
Here you can see a
A lot of options of what is the movement is home
well then this one can already see that
inkoom the sahara alter things a lot of acceleration can see it
then when little
between being different
but I want to leave it
guevara norm
so that al qaeda another corner
now advice then
let's go sometimes to one
they were going to see that we have an error 'at some point
with this decade
the g8 is not separated to create a keyframe
and he knows
here
it would be nothing but there is a part that there is never a black line
only July 7 and unintentionally twelve articles
we select father to the filter and an illuminated filter
crazy house black color
the intention of your beautiful as much as we can
and said chan
we have a full edge on our arm
They hunt them down or about 3
for lump mor of a little more than two
they were going to see hours
his excellent photo deia
my mistake
in the spokesman or accidents
adrienne bailón hairstyle
everything with the 9 hs 4 it seems to me that the cease will to copy it
and what to give
and sometimes and if kobe west too
and he put you on the street here we want
or miller tastings that
or a small
a misunderstanding said with this
and in
and those our arm as you can see
with a coarse january perfect
that always adapts to the movements then how was it necessary to planters
exterior
yes no more in the interior but I can do this if you want
That one who
a simple animation can live several pieces and this becomes more
complex but well this basic animation of rows I hope you have them
liked tutorial soon more hurts